[MTA 8.2.0] New consolidated prerequisites for the DL guide (#388)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/developer-lightspeed/ref_prerequisites.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.15.0
:_template-generated: 2024-2-21

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="prerequisites_{context}"]
= Prerequisites

[role="_abstract"]
Verification of system, storage, and software requirements prevents installation failures. This ensures a successful deployment of {mta-dl-full} ({ProductShortName}).

Your local workstation must meet the following criteria:

* 8 GB of available random access memory (RAM).
* Java Development Kit (JDK) 17 or later.
* Maven 3.9.9 or later.
* Git installed and added to your `$PATH` variable.
* Language Support for Java(TM) by Red{nbsp}Hat extension installed.

> * {ProductShortName} Visual Studio Code extension: This extension is the primary user interface for triggering contextual code fixes. The extension must be installed from the Marketplace or via VSIX.

Author: ```suggestion
* Your local workstation has 8 GB of available RAM.
* You have installed the Java Development Kit (JDK) 17 or later.
* You have installed Maven 3.9.9 or later.
* You have installed Git and added it to your `$PATH` variable.
* You have installed the Language Support for Java&trade; by Red{nbsp}Hat extension.
* You have installed {ProductShortName} Visual Studio Code extension. This extension is the primary user interface for triggering contextual code fixes. You must install this extension from the Marketplace or through VSIX.
```

Your Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift cluster must meet the following criteria:

* The {ProductShortName} Operator is required. For instructions, see link:{mta-URL}/installing_the_migration_toolkit_for_applications/index#installing-mta-operator_installing-mta-ui[Installing the {ProductShortName} Operator]. The Operator is the primary requirement for the following configurations:

** Solution Server: The Operator manages the deployment, configuration, and lifecycle of the Solution Server. The Operator enables the `spec.lightspeed` section within the Tackle custom resource (CR).
** Large language model (LLM) application programming interface (API) key: This required secret authenticates the Solution Server with the LLM provider. The API key must be configured as a cluster secret. This ensures secure communication for the Tackle CR.

* A persistent volume (PV) is required. If the Solution Server backend database is enabled, a dedicated PV is mandatory: 

** The PV must have a minimum size of 10 GB. 

> * The storage infrastructure must support ReadWriteOnce (RWO) or ReadWriteMany (RWX) access modes.

Author: ```suggestion
* You have installed the {ProductShortName} Operator. For instructions, see link:{mta-URL}/installing_the_migration_toolkit_for_applications/index#installing-mta-operator_installing-mta-ui[Installing the {ProductShortName} Operator].
+
The Operator is the primary requirement for the following subsequent configurations:

** Solution Server: The Operator manages the deployment, configuration, and lifecycle of the Solution Server. It enables the `spec.lightspeed` section within the Tackle custom resource (CR).
** Large language model (LLM) application programming interface (API) key: You must configure the API key as a cluster secret to securely authenticate the Solution Server with the LLM provider.

* You have provisioned a persistent volume (PV). A dedicated PV is mandatory if the Solution Server backend database is enabled:

** The PV must have a minimum size of 10 GiB.
** The storage infrastructure must support `readwriteonce` (RWO) or `readwritemany` (RWX) access modes.
```

:_newdoc-version: 2.15.0
:_template-generated: 2024-2-21

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="prerequisites_{context}"]
= Prerequisites

[role="_abstract"]

> Verification of system, storage, and software requirements prevents installation failures. This ensures a successful deployment of {mta-dl-full} ({ProductShortName}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure a successful deployment and prevent installation failures, verify that your environment meets the system, storage, and software requirements for {mta-dl-full} ({ProductShortName}).
```

Sentence was a bit choppy and felt very passive.

so i am just trying to add a bit more "user intent"

Author: Oh yes, makes sense, TY!

Your local workstation must meet the following criteria:

> * Your local workstation has 8 GB of available RAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have 8 GB of available RAM on your local workstation.
```

just because every other sentence in the list begins with "You have installed" so should we keep the pattern ... i cannot remember what Ingrid calls it

Author: Agree!

Author: It is called a parallel structure :D

* You have installed the Java Development Kit (JDK) 17 or later.
* You have installed Maven 3.9.9 or later.
* You have installed Git and added it to your `$PATH` variable.

> * You have installed the Language Support for Java&trade; by Red{nbsp}Hat extension.

Author: ```suggestion
* You have installed the Language Support for Java(TM) by Red{nbsp}Hat extension.
```

> * You have installed {ProductShortName} Visual Studio Code extension. This extension is the primary user interface for triggering contextual code fixes. You must install this extension from the Marketplace or through VSIX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have installed the {ProductShortName} Visual Studio Code extension. This extension is the primary user interface for triggering contextual code fixes. You must install this extension from the Marketplace or through VSIX.
```

Just feels like the article is missing when you read it

Your Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift cluster must meet the following criteria:

* You have installed the {ProductShortName} Operator. For instructions, see link:{mta-URL}/installing_the_migration_toolkit_for_applications/index#installing-mta-operator_installing-mta-ui[Installing the {ProductShortName} Operator].
+

> The Operator is the primary requirement for the following subsequent configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Operator is the primary requirement for the following configurations:
```

"subsequent following" seems a wee bit tautological

** Solution Server: The Operator manages the deployment, configuration, and lifecycle of the Solution Server. It enables the `spec.lightspeed` section within the Tackle custom resource (CR).
** Large language model (LLM) application programming interface (API) key: You must configure the API key as a cluster secret to securely authenticate the Solution Server with the LLM provider.

* You have provisioned a persistent volume (PV). A dedicated PV is mandatory if the Solution Server backend database is enabled:

** The PV must have a minimum size of 10 GiB.
** The storage infrastructure must support `readwriteonce` (RWO) or `readwritemany` (RWX) access modes.

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * xref:supported-large-language-models-and-providers_configuring-llm[Supported large language models and providers].

Author: ```suggestion
* xref:supported-large-language-models-and-providers_configuring-llm[Supported large language models and providers]
```
